README.md, before:

# Tariff comparison

## Task
Develop a model to build up the following two products and to compare these products based on
their annual costs. The comparison should accept the following input parameter:

- Consumption (kWh/year)
    
and create a list of these products with the columns

- Tariff name
- Annual costs (€/year)

The list should be sorted by costs in ascending order.

##Products

### 1. Product A

Name: “basic electricity tariff”

Calculation model: base costs per month 5 € + consumption costs 22 cent/kWh

Examples:

- Consumption = 3500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 830 €/year (5€ * 12 months = 60 €
base costs + 3500 kWh/year * 22 cent/kWh = 770 € consumption costs)
- Consumption = 4500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 1050 €/year (5€ * 12 months = 60 €
base costs + 4500 kWh/year * 22 cent/kWh = 990 € consumption costs)
- Consumption = 6000 kWh/year => Annual costs = 1380 €/year (5€ * 12 months = 60 €
base costs + 6000 kWh/year * 22 cent/kWh = 1320 € consumption costs)

### 2. Product B
Name: “Packaged tariff”

Calculation model: 800 € for up to 4000 kWh/year and above 4000 kWh/year additionally 30 cent/kWh.

Examples:

- Consumption = 3500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 800 €/year
- Consumption = 4500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 950 €/year (800€ + 500 kWh * 30
cent/kWh = 150 € additional consumption costs)
- Consumption = 6000 kWh/year => Annual costs = 1400 €/year (800€ + 2000 kWh * 30
cent/kWh = 600 € additional consumption costs)

## Notes
Please implement this task in C#, C++ or Java or any other object oriented language.
If you write tests for your implementation please provide them with your implementation.
Please develop only the logic described above, and no UI (webpage, etc.). You do not need a data
base. All sample data can be hardcoded or added to the implementation by any other method of
your choice.

Commit message:

add gradle run and executable jar conf

README.md, after:

# Tariff comparison


## How to build 

This will create an executable jar in the `build/libs` directory 
`./gradlew build`

## How to run

You can run the application by using an existing jar with
`java -jar tariff-comparison-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`

or using gradle with `./gradlew run`

## Task
Develop a model to build up the following two products and to compare these products based on
their annual costs. The comparison should accept the following input parameter:

- Consumption (kWh/year)
    
and create a list of these products with the columns

- Tariff name
- Annual costs (€/year)

The list should be sorted by costs in ascending order.

##Products

### 1. Product A

Name: “basic electricity tariff”

Calculation model: base costs per month 5 € + consumption costs 22 cent/kWh

Examples:

- Consumption = 3500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 830 €/year (5€ * 12 months = 60 €
base costs + 3500 kWh/year * 22 cent/kWh = 770 € consumption costs)
- Consumption = 4500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 1050 €/year (5€ * 12 months = 60 €
base costs + 4500 kWh/year * 22 cent/kWh = 990 € consumption costs)
- Consumption = 6000 kWh/year => Annual costs = 1380 €/year (5€ * 12 months = 60 €
base costs + 6000 kWh/year * 22 cent/kWh = 1320 € consumption costs)

### 2. Product B
Name: “Packaged tariff”

Calculation model: 800 € for up to 4000 kWh/year and above 4000 kWh/year additionally 30 cent/kWh.

Examples:

- Consumption = 3500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 800 €/year
- Consumption = 4500 kWh/year => Annual costs = 950 €/year (800€ + 500 kWh * 30
cent/kWh = 150 € additional consumption costs)
- Consumption = 6000 kWh/year => Annual costs = 1400 €/year (800€ + 2000 kWh * 30
cent/kWh = 600 € additional consumption costs)

## Notes
Please implement this task in C#, C++ or Java or any other object oriented language.
If you write tests for your implementation please provide them with your implementation.
Please develop only the logic described above, and no UI (webpage, etc.). You do not need a data
base. All sample data can be hardcoded or added to the implementation by any other method of
your choice.
